= TODO
:author: Alek Ratzloff
:email: alekratz@gmail.com
:revnumber: 3
:revdate: 2018-01-18
:revremark: All features that must be implemented for jayk v1.0 to be feature-complete.

In the past, most of my TODO lists have been checkbox-based. However, I always found it difficult to
determine when something should be checked and when something should be removed outright. Therefore,
I plan on just removing things to mark their completion. Thanks to Git, we should have a nice
history of things that have changed with this document - provided that the changes are
well-documented.

:sectanchors:
:sectnums:
== Documentation

What follows is everything that should be documented before the 1.0 release. All documentation,
except for the README, MUST live in the `doc/` directory at the root. We will not be using
integrated wikis that come with version control websites (e.g. GitHub, GitLab) - the documentation
must live in the repository itself.

* Start moving project name, modules, and documentation over to "omnibot" instead of "jayk".
* Quickstart guide for using the library's API.
** This is covered in the README, but could be expanded into something less succinct and more
   useful.
* Quickstart guide for using the metaclass/command line API.
** This is covered in the README, but could be expanded into something less succinct and more
   useful.
* Internals documentation for how everything fits together.
** Code documentation is NOT sufficient. We need documents that cover every piece of the API.
*** This could be considered something similar to the "HACKING" section that a lot of projects have.
* Contributor's guide.
** Conceive an issue template, or at least some basic issue creation guidelines.
* Glossary of terms should be started.

== Pylint

What follows is everything that should be done with the pylintrc file before the 1.0 release. The
overall goal for Pylint is for a 10.0/10.0 score to actually be achievable for the bounds of this
project. Anything that _doesn't_ meet that score is incorrectly formatted and should be considered
erroneous.

* Determine which lints we still need to disable.
** There are some lints that may have issues, because they concern valid code, but the linter isn't
   smart enough to figure that out.
** This is a really big issue for anything that uses the `JaykMeta` metaclass. It adds new members
   and derivations to its subclasses, which pylint is unable to pick up on. Hopefully, there aren't
   too many provided internal types that use this metaclass.
* Determine if there are any lints that are currently disabled, that we wish to enable.

== Tests

* Unit tests for expected functionality.
** `jayk.cli.util.AttrDict` class
* Integration tests for expected behavior.
** How do we test protocols?
** How do we test bot responses?

== Protocol layer

This section concerns all protocols and protocol API items that should be implemented and corrected
before a v1.0 release.

* Common "user" type for all protocols to use. This should be similar to the `ConnectInfo` type.
** What if the identifier for a user is just a string, unlike IRC (which has username, realname,
   nickname, etc).
* Implement protocol for Slack and Discord.
** How do we handle API keys without configuration at this level?
* Auto-reconnect policies.

=== IRC protocol

* Support server password.

== Chatbot layer

* Handle nickname changes for the bot itself.

== JaykMeta/CLI layer

* The JaykMeta and CLI layer are not synonymous, but they are highly coupled. It would be a good
  idea to de-couple these if possible.
* Reimplement file watcher using Python's `asyncio` module instead of using IPC.

=== Module system

* Allow `HelpModule` built-in module to be customized in the configuration.
** Allow disabling of the module.
** Allow changing the base command from `!help` to something else to allow working around command
   conflicts.
* Implement module for nickserv authentication module for IRC connections.
* Allow for protocol-specific modules.
* Allow modules to access all other loaded modules' metadata.
** This may need to be refined a bit more, since this could quickly turn things into spaghetti. On
   the other hand, it would be useful to have for the built-in `HelpModule`.
